h1. DJ Monitor

This gem is meant to monitor a DJ Work queue. Right now its a work in progress and only works for me. Some config options need to be extracted as of yet (defaults to mine)

h2. More Information

Not right now.

h2. Required Gems

This gem requires these gems:

* pony
* sequel

h2. Dependencies

To use this gem, you will need:

* The Ruby language (version 1.8.7 or 1.9.2)
* it need to be run for the rails root of your app

h2. Installing the gem

* gem install dj-monitor

h2. Getting Started

After installing the gem, you can set this up as a cron task like this:

bq.  */10 * * * * cd /your/rails/app/path && RAILS_ENV=production /opt/ruby-ent/bin/dj-monitor

Every 10 minutes this script gets run and checks the database for the RAILS_ENV set.

The script will look for a dj-monitor.yml file for some options. Example of this file:

bq. alert_to: "some1@example.net,person2@company.nu"
 alert_from: "monitor-dj@davidakachaos.nl"
 alert_subject: "OMG! DJ has a problem here!"

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Similar Projects

* This project is based on *delayed_job-monitor* from *Michael Guterl*. Thanks!

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Make a test for it!
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author message.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

This project is based on *delayed_job-monitor* from *Michael Guterl*. Thanks!

h2. License

None